Server Reset/Trailers docs (#20059)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/includes/trailers.md

HTTP Trailers are similar to HTTP Headers, except they are sent after the response body is sent. For IIS and HTTP.SYS, only HTTP/2 response trailers are supported.

```csharp
if (httpContext.Response.SupportsTrailers())
{
    httpContext.Response.DeclareTrailer("trailername");	

    // Write body
    httpContext.Response.WriteAsync("Hello world");

    httpContext.Response.AppendTrailer("trailername", "TrailerValue");
}
```

In the preceding example code:

* `SupportsTrailers` ensures that trailers are supported for the response.

> * `DeclareTrailer` adds the given trailer name to the `Trailer` response header. This must occur before the response headers are sent.	

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `DeclareTrailer` adds the given trailer name to the `Trailer` response header. Declaring a response's trailers in the header is optional, but recommended. `DeclareTrailer` must be called before the response headers are sent.	
```
